[File System Access API article] Add directory serialization example (#4698)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/file-system-access/index.md

// File handle
button1.addEventListener("click", async () => {
  try {
    const fileHandleOrUndefined = await get("file");
    if (fileHandleOrUndefined) {
      pre1.textContent = `Retrieved file handle "${fileHandleOrUndefined.name}" from IndexedDB.`;
      return;
    }
    const [fileHandle] = await window.showOpenFilePicker();
    await set("file", fileHandle);
    pre1.textContent = `Stored file handle for "${fileHandle.name}" in IndexedDB.`;
  } catch (error) {
    alert(error.name, error.message);
  }
});

// Directory handle
button2.addEventListener("click", async () => {
  try {
    const directoryHandleOrUndefined = await get("directory");
    if (directoryHandleOrUndefined) {
      pre2.textContent = `Retrieved directroy handle "${directoryHandleOrUndefined.name}" from IndexedDB.`;
      return;
    }
    const directoryHandle = await window.showDirectoryPicker();
    await set("directory", directoryHandle);
    pre2.textContent = `Stored directory handle for "${directoryHandle.name}" in IndexedDB.`;
  } catch (error) {
    alert(error.name, error.message);
  }
});
```

### Stored file or directory handles and permissions

> 

Reviewer: It looks like some text below here might need to be updated as well. Line 286, for example, should be 'has granted permission to the file or directoruy...'

Author: Good point. Added in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/4698/commits/49dc0144e595c60b43b26991f6d526820866338d.

  calling `close()` or when the stream is automatically closed by the pipe.
{% endAside %}

### Storing file handles or directory handles in IndexedDB

File handles and directory handles are serializable, which means that you can save a file or
directory handle to IndexedDB, or call `postMessage()` to send them between the same top-level origin.

> Saving file or directory handles to IndexedDB means that you can store state, or remember which files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Saving files or directory handles to IndexedDB means that you can store state, or remember which files
```

Author: Not in this case. It's to be read as "file handles or directory handles".

or directories a user was
working on. This makes it possible to keep a list of recently opened or edited files, offer to

> re-open the last file when the app is opened, restore the previous working directory, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
re-open the last file when the app is opened, restore the previous working directory, and more.
```
